this is an absolute bomb Antonio David speaks
out and completely
disagrees with the entire version that Rocío
Carrasco has told about his daughter That
famous sentence be careful because this
could also be a double-edged sword
everything would indicate that they would at least have the
desire that Rocío Flores one
day when
justice is done can tell her version and can
give us details as I have already told you something
dangerous that can work against you
now I will tell you why Because it must be
said Rocío Flores cannot speak
when she is announcing Why Because it would be
giving her the perfect argument for
the complaint to go directly to the
garbage container if you are
speaking and you go out to tell your version you are going
to spoil a little the accusation that you
are making here we have
enough tools to be able to
completely discredit Rocío
Carrasco's version there are many people who claim the
same thing that according to the medical reports and the
arguments and so on can be discredited